in the last year at least two
billionaires committed suicide
like it's [__] heartbreaking When
anybody commits suicide but when
billionaires start committing suicide
like if the answer is not just
self-evident beyond all imagining that
money is not going to solve the problems
that exist between your ears like
there's there's nothing more anyone can
tell you a fool never learns
a smart man learns from his mistakes a
wise man learns from the mistakes of
others on this one I'm [__] begging
you be wise I'm not telling you not to
chase money I'm just saying it's not
going to feed you emotionally the way
you think it is so you've got to
completely Divorce Yourself from this
notion of outcome and become completely
obsessed with the idea of sincere
Pursuit it's the only part you can
control
[Music]